README.md, before:

# openCD (WIP)
openCD is a framework that help to deploy mobile apps (iOS and Android) to the app stores (iTunes and Goole Play).

It support the cross-platform Axway / Appcelerator Titanium framework and is build on top of this softwares:
- GO.CD as a CI/CD server
- Fastlane to manage the certificates, assets and deployment to the app stores
- Appium for the UI automation tests
- Ansible to manage the installation and updates of the GO.CD agent(s)

## How to install openCD
To use this framework, you need to clone this GIT repositories:
- [opencd.gocd](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.gocd) (WIP)
- [opencd.project.titanium](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.project.titanium) (WIP)
- [opencd.releasescripts](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.releasescripts) (WIP)
- [opencd.certificates](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.certificates) (WIP)
- [opencd.appstores](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.appstores) (WIP)
- [opencd.appstores.assets](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.appstores.assets) (WIP)
- [opencd.ui.automation](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.ui.automation) (WIP)
- [opencd.ansible](https://github.com/timoa/opencd.ansible) (WIP)

Commit message:

Update README.md with a new name (CDKit)

README.md, after:

# CDKit (WIP)
CDKit is a framework that help to deploy mobile apps (iOS and Android) to the app stores (iTunes and Goole Play).

It support the cross-platform Axway / Appcelerator Titanium framework and is build on top of this softwares:
- GO.CD as a CI/CD server
- Fastlane to manage the certificates, assets and deployment to the app stores
- Appium for the UI automation tests
- Ansible to manage the installation and updates of the GO.CD agent(s)

## How to install CDKit
To use this framework, you need to clone this GIT repositories:
- [cdkit.gocd](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.gocd) (WIP)
- [cdkit.project.titanium](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.project.titanium) (WIP)
- [cdkit.releasescripts](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.releasescripts) (WIP)
- [cdkit.certificates](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.certificates) (WIP)
- [cdkit.appstores](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.appstores) (WIP)
- [cdkit.appstores.assets](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.appstores.assets) (WIP)
- [cdkit.ui.automation](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.ui.automation) (WIP)
- [cdkit.ansible](https://github.com/timoa/cdkit.ansible) (WIP)
